# Agenda for WP1 + WP2 meeting, 2022-01-27

Chair & notetaker: SR

1. Apologies etc
1. WP1 overall update (Alba? - feel free to add text directly to agenda)

   - Looking at literature on synthetic data generation (SDG), formulating a plan for how to evaluate SDG algorithms for disclosure risk and usefulness (and looking at the tradeoff between these), and beginning an implementation of this evaluation, starting along similar lines to the current Jupyter notebook on sklearn. (James)

   - Created membership inference attack (MIA) functions (white-box) based on sklearn models which support predict_proba (so far tested on RandomForest, DecisionTree, GaussianProcess, MLP, Kneighbors, and SVM.) and created functions to plot some metrics like confusion matrix, AUC. Tested for MIMIC-II subset data https://physionet.org/content/mimic2-iaccd/1.0/  (Alba)

   - Alberto is testing the tensorflow inference attacks on several sklearn models. He is also building a tool to run attacks on tensorflow and sklearn classifiers with different data loading methods. And read  https://proceedings.mlr.press/v97/sablayrolles19a/sablayrolles19a.pdf

   - Emsa has reviewed MIA attack code and has  re-read Shokri's paper. She is also analyzing how their used FAIR in theonaunheim/pyfair: Factor Analysis of Information Risk (FAIR) model written in Python. (github.com)
  
1. WP2 overall update (Richard? - ditto)
1. ML Doctor etc - ditch or keep [#8](https://github.com/jim-smith/GRAIMatter/issues/8) (richard)
1. AWS access (Chris?)
1. Issue cleansing / triaging (simon; all)
1. AOB
1. Decide on chair / notetaker for next week -- any volunteers?

## Actions

1. [ ] add actions like this
