# WP 1 & 2 Meeting, 2022-02-24 - agenda and notes

1. Apologies
1. WP1 update
    - Building code to allow for large searches across hyper-parameters / models / datasets / attack scenarios (Alba / Alberto) [issues 54 and 55 - remain open]
    - The previous search grid generates vast amounts of data to look/compare. Need to find how to present it. So far a class has been implemented for each sub-model.
    - Work on glossary (All)
    - Synthetic data work. Developed wrapper code for several high-profile DP-enabling synthetic data generating procedures. Aiming to integrate this with Alba's testing protocols. A first step is to closely examine performance on a very simple dataset and establish roughly the extent to which DP compromises usability (there's no point checking security of synthetic data if the data is useless at representing the true data distribution). So far, generating mechansims are not producing synthetic data usefully resembling real data. Ongoing work includes
        + Find hyperparameters/settings which enable 'useful' synthetic data generation in a restrictive simple setting
        + Find hyperparameters/settings which enable 'useful' synthetic data for our real datasets
        + Extend security-checking protocols to synthetic data methods
    - Finding datasets [issue 50]. Update on Texas data (Alba)
    - Wrapper for tf-privacy (issue 46) - Alberto?
    - Results for default param experiments (issues 43 and 44) - Alba: is this done? Can we close and point people to the results?
    - Documentation of attack types (issue 40): See https://github.com/jim-smith/GRAIMatter/blob/main/documentation/attack_types.MD Suggest others check and make changes, and then we close the issue
1. WP2 update
    - Updates to SafeModel wrappers:
        + Move to multiple inheritance paradigm / refactoring
        + Support additional model saving formats
        + Addition of unit tests
        + Move to JSON for safe rule set and output file format
        + Extension of safe rule set to include logical combinations of operators (OR and AND)
    - Clarification of privacy tool assessment criteria
1. Shared
    - Issue 48 - flowchart to show risks. Currently example on [miro](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVOQRt5kI=/). are we happy with this tool -- should we continue to populate?
    - Keeping data from researchers (issue 47). Suggest we close as this would be part of any solutions we propose.
    - Issue 17 - text on unsupervised learning? Looks stale - can someone take this on?
    - Issue 11 - "prioritised list of algorithms to work on" - is this now complete? can someone clarify the chosen list?
1. Glossary -- check on progress and ensure it keeps moving. Also, please look at the AI glossary produced by [NHSx](https://nhsx.github.io/ai-dictionary)
1. AOCB
1. Chair for next meeting - according to the list (and restricting it to core WP1&2 folk), next person is Alberto
